After the ice is finished, the shadow comes out
Now that you know his plan, let's prepare him
It’s not finished either. So what if the test is not finished?
Pretend it's a trivial matter. I'm ready. Stop talking nonsense. Can you?
This is based on experience
It's not as simple as Huang Zi having to neglect his responsibilities.
Then there are Li Yue Qishe and others.
It's not you who said it. It can be said in Huangdi terms.
You are just a blame to other Huangzi
I can miss you anytime
Don't be careless yet
As far as I know, the fifth prince
Maybe I have to come back to applaud the emperor.
On the surface he
Although he is a prince of glory
I just want to ask first
but in my opinion
He is a game prince
The fifth prince who still has no money
I heard it’s not time yet
Why should you be more careful?
Is it so critical? Imperial Team
I'm just sending when the time comes
You hurt my sister and me
What if I die too?
What did you say?
I'll do whatever
Let me talk
Send me a copy
This is what you said
Said this is the big house that lives outside
Just been replaced
you see that
Where do you miss my player?
It’s just a shame for the Huang family
Isn’t this Brother Dahuang today?
But my father is being tested
Do you think you are not wearing it?
But you want me to be in the Huang family
Be subordinated by everyone in the world
You can't carry what you're wearing alone, just like
female person appearance
Mr. Huang misses you
In fact, there is a waiting list to get started in that business.
I heard there is an agency
It is possible to put the wolf under his feet again
Die and live in the world
Although absolutely
do birth and body
Although the wolf is on
Find the middle position again and answer your own questions at the same time